Add upload service docs to OneDrive (#37637)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/onedrive.markdown

A drive that is in **Drive state** `Exceeded` will be automatically frozen (meaning you can't upload any more backups & files), until you clear up enough storage.
{% endnote %}

## Actions

This integration provides the following actions:

### Action `onedrive.upload`

You can use the `onedrive.upload` action to upload files from Home Assistant

> to OneDrive, e.g. to upload `camera` snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to OneDrive. For example, to upload `camera` snapshots.
```

{% details "Upload action details" %}

| Data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `filename` | no | Path to the file to upload. | /media/image.jpg |

> | `destination_folder` | no | Folder inside your `Apps/Home Assistant` app folder, that is the destination for the uploaded content. Will be created if it does not exist. Supports subfolders. | Snapshots/2025 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `destination_folder` | no | Folder inside your `Apps/Home Assistant` app folder that is the destination for the uploaded content. Will be created if it does not exist. Supports subfolders. | Snapshots/2025 |
```
